README.md, before:

# DNX Support for MonoDevelop and Xamarin Studio

Provides [DNX and ASP.NET 5](http://docs.asp.net/en/latest/dnx/index.html) support for MonoDevelop and Xamarin Studio 6.0 or above.

This addin uses source code from [OmniSharp](https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-roslyn) in order to communicate with the DNX host. It also uses source code from [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn), [Microsoft.AspNet.Hosting](https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting), [Microsoft.Framework.Logging](https://github.com/aspnet/Logging) and [Microsoft.Framework.OptionsModel](https://github.com/aspnet/Options/), since the Roslyn version of OmniSharp uses types from their corresponding NuGet packages.

# Licenses

 - DNX addin - MIT
 - [Microsoft.AspNet.Hosting](https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting) - Apache 2.0
 - [Microsoft.Framework.Logging](https://github.com/aspnet/Logging) - Apache 2.0
 - [Microsoft.Framework.OptionsModel](https://github.com/aspnet/Options/) - Apache 2.0
 - [OmniSharp](https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-roslyn) - MIT
 - [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn) - Apache 2.0

# Building from source

From the src directory run NuGet restore.

    git clone git@github.com:mono/monodevelop.git
    cd monodevelop
    git checkout master
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    make
    rm -rf main/build/tests/
    cd ..

    git clone https://github.com/mhutch/MonoDevelop.AddinMaker
    cd MonoDevelop.AddinMaker
    nuget restore MonoDevelop.AddinMaker.sln
    make install /p:MDBinDir=../monodevelop/main/build/bin /p:MDProfileVersion=6.0

    git clone git@github.com:mrward/monodevelop-dnx-addin.git
    cd monodevelop-dnx-addins
    git checkout roslyn
    cd src
    nuget restore MonoDevelop.Dnx.sln
    xbuild MonoDevelop.Dnx.sln /p:MDProfileVersion=6.0 /p:MDBinDir=../../../monodevelop/main/build/bin
    
The last xbuild step can be replaced by opening the MonoDevelop.Dnx.sln into Xamarin Studio 6.0 and building the solution.

To create the addin .mpack file run:

    mdtool.exe setup pack bin/merged/MonoDevelop.Dnx.dll
    
# Debugging

You can debug the DNX addin if you have the Xamarin Studio 6.0 and the Addin Maker addin installed by selecting Start Debugging from the Run menu.

Commit message:

Update readme to refer to .NET Core.

README.md, after:

# .NET Core Support for MonoDevelop and Xamarin Studio

Provides [.NET Core and ASP.NET Core](https://dotnet.github.io/) support for MonoDevelop and Xamarin Studio 6.0 or above.

This addin uses source code from [OmniSharp](https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-roslyn) in order to communicate with the .NET Core design time host. It also uses source code from [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn), [Microsoft.AspNet.Hosting](https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting), [Microsoft.Framework.Logging](https://github.com/aspnet/Logging) and [Microsoft.Framework.OptionsModel](https://github.com/aspnet/Options/), since the Roslyn version of OmniSharp uses types from their corresponding NuGet packages.

# Licenses

 - DNX addin - MIT
 - [Microsoft.AspNet.Hosting](https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting) - Apache 2.0
 - [Microsoft.Framework.Logging](https://github.com/aspnet/Logging) - Apache 2.0
 - [Microsoft.Framework.OptionsModel](https://github.com/aspnet/Options/) - Apache 2.0
 - [OmniSharp](https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-roslyn) - MIT
 - [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn) - Apache 2.0

# Building from source

From the src directory run NuGet restore.

    git clone git@github.com:mono/monodevelop.git
    cd monodevelop
    git checkout master
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    make
    rm -rf main/build/tests/
    cd ..

    git clone https://github.com/mhutch/MonoDevelop.AddinMaker
    cd MonoDevelop.AddinMaker
    nuget restore MonoDevelop.AddinMaker.sln
    make install /p:MDBinDir=../monodevelop/main/build/bin /p:MDProfileVersion=6.0

    git clone git@github.com:mrward/monodevelop-dnx-addin.git
    cd monodevelop-dnx-addins
    git checkout roslyn
    cd src
    nuget restore MonoDevelop.Dnx.sln
    xbuild MonoDevelop.Dnx.sln /p:MDProfileVersion=6.0 /p:MDBinDir=../../../monodevelop/main/build/bin
    
The last xbuild step can be replaced by opening the MonoDevelop.Dnx.sln into Xamarin Studio 6.0 and building the solution.

To create the addin .mpack file run:

    mdtool.exe setup pack bin/merged/MonoDevelop.Dnx.dll
    
# Debugging

You can debug the DNX addin if you have the Xamarin Studio 6.0 and the Addin Maker addin installed by selecting Start Debugging from the Run menu.
